

Row 1:  Tolerance Tool, LLC
http://www.tolerancetool.com 
2263 McKnight Rd N Bay 11
North St. Paul, MN 55109
Phone:  (651) 770-5918
LLC Menu Design and Engineering Manufacturing Grinding Department Mill Department EDM Department Inspection Department Our Customer Commitment Career Opportunities Terms and Conditions For Sale For Purchase 2023 Meaningful Capitalism Award Contact Us Double Manifold Two Shot with Floating Plate 16 Cavity Medical Gear Mold 8 Cavity Automotive Fasteners Mold 4 Cavity Two Shot Rotary Platen Mold Left and Right Two Shot Rotary Platen Mold 4 Cavity Two Shot Rotary Platen Mold About Tolerance Tool, insert & over-molds. Liquid Silicone Rubber Molds (LSR) Plastic Injection Molds Prototype Molds Production Molds Multi-Shot Rotational Molds Micro Molds Insert Molds Our Comprehensive Wrap-Around Services Lead to Maximum Uptime for our Customers Highly-Advanced CAD Design & Engineering Grinding Inspection Machining EDM Specialty Machining Our Process Capabilities Serve A Wide Range of Industries Medical pharma/drug delivery diagnostics implantable CRM Industrial personal safety respirator connector over-molding Automotive fasteners Consumer Products Sustainable Energy Tolerance Tool LLC is Envisioning the Injection Molds of Tomorrow ✓ Process-Driven Manufacturing ✓ Continuous Enhancements and Improvements ✓ Legacy Programs Industry-Leading Quality Molds sales@tolerancetool.com P: (651) 770-5918
55109 All content © 2021 Tolerance Tool, LLC All rights reserved Website Powered by WordPress.com . Subscribe Subscribed Tolerance Tool, LLC Menu Design and Engineering Manufacturing Grinding Department Mill Department EDM Department Inspection Department Our Customer Commitment Career Opportunities Terms and Conditions For Sale For Purchase 2023 Meaningful Capitalism Award Contact Us Double Manifold Two Shot with Floating Plate 16 Cavity Medical Gear Mold 8 Cavity Automotive Fasteners Mold 4 Cavity Two Shot Rotary Platen Mold Left and Right Two Shot Rotary Platen Mold 4 Cavity Two Shot Rotary Platen Mold About Tolerance Tool, LLC Sign me up Already have a WordPress.com account? Log in now. Privacy Tolerance Tool, LLC Skip to content Tolerance Tool, LLC Tolerance Tool, LLC is an innovative mold manufacturing company that is committed to meeting the high demands of today’s molding industry. We design and manufacture complex, Tolerance Tool, bridge & multi-cavity high volume production thermoplastic and liquid silicone injection mold tooling for discriminating customers. Tonnage maximum is 500 tons. We also design and manufacture micro molds, insert & over-molds. Liquid Silicone Rubber Molds (LSR) Plastic Injection Molds Prototype Molds Production Molds Multi-Shot Rotational Molds Micro Molds Insert Molds Our Comprehensive Wrap-Around Services Lead to Maximum Uptime for our Customers Highly-Advanced CAD Design & Engineering Grinding Inspection Machining EDM Specialty Machining Our Process Capabilities Serve A Wide Range of Industries Medical pharma/drug delivery diagnostics implantable CRM Industrial personal safety respirator connector over-molding Automotive fasteners Consumer Products Sustainable Energy Tolerance Tool LLC is Envisioning the Injection Molds of Tomorrow ✓ Process-Driven Manufacturing ✓ Continuous Enhancements and Improvements ✓ Legacy Programs Industry-Leading Quality Molds sales@tolerancetool.com P: (651) 770-5918, multi-shot rotational molds
drug delivery, implantable, liquid silicone rubber, lsr

Row 2:  Holbrook Tool & Molding
https://holbrooktool.com/
holbrooktool.com
60 10696 Perry Highway Meadville
PA
16335
(814) 336-4113
consumer and automotive. Our capabilities include single or multi cavity tools with conventional runners and hot manifold systems. Also in this department we build component parts to prints supplied by the customer. This business comes from a variety of customers and includes all types of parts and tooling. Our CNC machining and turning centers allow us to offer both small quantity and high volume production runs. Design Our design department currently has one seat of KeyCreator and one seat of Pro/ENGINEER. This software gives us the ability to design molds and build component parts using the customers' part print and or electronic files. We offer the convenience of downloading electronic CAD drawings via email for quotation and construction, medical
000 Cleanroom Our climate controlled facility includes design, Holbrook Tool & Molding (814) 336-4113 sales@holbrooktool.com Home About Team Capabilities Design Machining Grinding EDM Molding Inspection Gallery Equipment Certifications Contact RFQ Now Hiring (814) 336-4113 sales@holbrooktool.com Holbrook Tool & Molding Inc. mold construction & Custom Molding Over forty years of experience in molds, Holbrook Tool & Molding is here to serve you. Holbrook Toool has more than forty years experience in molds, Inc we offer a high level of product quality and customer service. With more than fifty years combined experience in molds, PA 16335 Capabilities Design Machining Grinding EDM Molding Inspection Navigation Home About Team Capabilities Equipment Certifications Opening hours Monday 8 am - 4 pm Tuesday 8 am - 4 pm Wednesday 8 am - 4 pm Thursday 8 am - 4 pm Friday 8 am - 4 pm Saturday & Sunday Closed Copyright © 2023 Holbrook Tool & Molding Inc. All Rights Reserved., carbide and centerless grinding. We also have five CNC machining centers and a CNC turning center which gives us the opportunity to offer both CNC machining and CNC turning capabilities. We have ten fully capable CNC EDM’s. We possess the ability to design/build/run production/prototype molds, consumer product and electronic fastener fields. Our capabilities include single or multi cavity tools with conventional runners or hot manifold systems. Our Design Department currently has one seat of CREO and one seat of KeyCreator. This software gives us the ability to design molds using the customers’ part print and or electronic files. We also have four CAM stations that support Mastercam. When the manufacturing processes are completed, design, gages and fixtures Capabilities Request Quote Holbrook Tool & Molding Inc. Mold repair & troubleshooting Our design department offers two full time designers and three CAD systems. Capabilities Request Quote Holbrook Tool & Molding Inc. CNC machining & CNC turning We have five CNC machining centers and a CNC turning center. Capabilities Request Quote Holbrook Tool & Molding Inc. Mold Construction and Custom Molding ISO 9001:2015 ISO 13485:2016 We have ISO 9001:2015 and ISO 13485:2016 certifications for the production of plastic parts. 3600 sq. ft. Class 100, gages and fixtures. We specialize in mold construction and custom molding. We also offer all types of grinding, including form grinding, inserted overmolds and production molds. Recently we have excelled in the medical, manufacturing and cleanroom molding areas, manufacturing and cleanroom molding areas. Capabilities Equipment List Certifications Our Team Contact Contact Holbrook Tool & Molding Inc. (814) 336-4113 sales@holbrooktool.com PO Box 60 10696 Perry Highway Meadville, manufacturing and cleanroom. Laser Welding & Mold Repair Providing precise repair of damaged mold components. Holbrook Tool & Molding Inc. Holbrook Tool & Molding - Injection Mold Tooling & Custom Molding With approximately 35 full-time employees located in a modern, we have a full tooling inspection program. We also have ISO 9001:2015 and ISO 13485:2016 certifications for the manufacture and supply of plastic components. Machining Grinding EDM Molding ISO 9001:2015 and ISO 13485:2016 certifications for the production of plastic parts. Apply for an account Quality & Experience At Holbrook Tool & Molding, we provide the solutions to your business needs. Our team of craftsmen becomes your partners in meeting the tooling and molding demands of your business. Design Read More Machining Read More Grinding Read More EDM Read More Molding Read More Inspection Read More Contact Holbrook Tool & Molding Call (814) 336-4113 to talk to an engineer about your next project. Request Quote Holbrook Tool & Molding is located in a modern

Row 3:  Diamond Tool & Engineering | Tool and Die Makers | Bertha MN
https://www.diamondtande.com/
205 2nd Ave NW
Bertha 
MN
56437
(218) 924-4024
close-tolerance plastic injection molds and tooling for the medical
Bertha MN top of page Diamond Tool & Engineering A tool and Mold company for the injection molding plastics industry Home About Services Part Gallery Contact Terms More Use tab to navigate through the menu items. Welcome to Diamond Tool & Engineering What We Do We specialize in intricate, Diamond Tool & Engineering, Tool and Die Makers, close-tolerance plastic injection molds and tooling for the medical, process and equipment to provide a valuable resource for answering your project needs and challenges. Check out our Services page to see what we can do for you. We are ISO 9001:2015 certified Contact Us Learn More ©2024 Diamond Tool & Engineering. bottom of page
10

